---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "clickhousedbops_grant_role Resource - clickhousedbops"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  You can use the clickhousedbops_grant_role resource to grant a clickhousedbops_role to either a clickhousedbops_user or to another clickhousedbops_role.
  Known limitations:
  It's not possible to grant the same clickhousedbops_role to both a clickhousedbops_user and a clickhousedbops_role using a single clickhousedbops_grant_role stanza. You can do that using two different stanzas, one with grantee_user_name and the other with grantee_role_name fields set.Importing clickhousedbops_grant_role resources into terraform is not supported.
---

# clickhousedbops_grant_role (Resource)

You can use the `clickhousedbops_grant_role` resource to grant a `clickhousedbops_role` to either a `clickhousedbops_user` or to another `clickhousedbops_role`.

Known limitations:

- It's not possible to grant the same `clickhousedbops_role` to both a `clickhousedbops_user` and a `clickhousedbops_role` using a single `clickhousedbops_grant_role` stanza. You can do that using two different stanzas, one with `grantee_user_name` and the other with `grantee_role_name` fields set.
- Importing `clickhousedbops_grant_role` resources into terraform is not supported.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "clickhousedbops_grant_role" "role_to_user" {
  cluster_name      = "cluster"
  role_name         = "myrole"
  grantee_user_name = "myuser"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `role_name` (String) Name of the role to be granted

### Optional

- `admin_option` (Boolean) If true, the grantee will be able to grant `role_name` to other `users` or `roles`.
- `cluster_name` (String) Name of the cluster to create the resource into. If omitted, resource will be created on the replica hit by the query.
This field must be left null when using a ClickHouse Cloud cluster.
When using a self hosted ClickHouse instance, this field should only be set when there is more than one replica and you are not using 'replicated' storage for user_directory.
- `grantee_role_name` (String) Name of the `role` to grant `role_name` to.
- `grantee_user_name` (String) Name of the `user` to grant `role_name` to.
